Sheenhx issuance 1 (#14)
DataHighway-DHX/whitepaper: README.md

Device owners may enable or disable roaming and associated payments via the LPWAN Supernode Portal.

Supernode owners may also choose to restrict access to roaming devices via the LPWAN Supernode Portal.

Data Highway (DH) is an implementation of an open-source and fully decentralised roaming service that allows LPWAN IoT End Devices that have enabled roaming to move out of the network coverage area of their "home" Network Server and into the network coverage area of a "visited" Network Server, where the "visited" Network Server may query the Data Highways distributed ledger (database storage) to retrieve information such as whether the device has enabled roaming, and whether an individual party to party (bilateral) roaming agreement has been established between the Network Operator of the "visited" Network Server and the Network Operator of the "home" Network Server. If the roaming join request is accepted then the packets of data that are uplinked when roaming will be forwarded such that Data Consumers gain continuous access to the data.

> The Network Server's are referred to as MXC Supernodes if they have purchased a Network ID and belong to the MXC Network, further technologies like Sigfox and NB-IoT can also participate through Network ID based roaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Server's are referred to as MXC Supernodes if they have purchased a Network ID and belong to the MXC Network. Other technologies like Sigfox and NB-IoT can also participate through Network ID based roaming.
```

#### Fully Decentralized Roaming Solution

The goal is to create a fully decentralized LPWAN Roaming hub solution that uses the Parachain Operator layer of the MXProtocol Architecture and provides a decentralized LPWAN Roaming Packet Forwarding Service.

> Reference implementation using DataHighway: Page 2 of [MXC's Data Economy Whitepaper](https://www.mxc.org/hubfs/WP/MXC_data_economy_whitepaper.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference to the proposed implementation of the DataHighway: Page 2 of [MXC's Data Economy Whitepaper](https://www.mxc.org/hubfs/WP/MXC_data_economy_whitepaper.pdf)
```

*"Depending on the block production algorithm and parameters, the transaction throughput of each chain can vary, and thus the overall throughput of the Polkadot network can only be estimated. The first version of Polkadot will allow up to 100 parachains, and assuming each can support at least 10 transactions per second (TPS), a lower bound on throughput would be about 1000 TPS."*

> Only a limited amount of End Devices will be roaming initially, but scalability is still important for future proofing. In contrast the Data Highway's Inter-Chain Data Market (separate section under thisWhitepaper) will require higher TPS since it includes a DEX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a limited amount of End Devices will be roaming initially, but scalability is still important for future proofing. In contrast the Data Highway's Inter-Chain Data Market (separate section under this Whitepaper) will require a higher TPS since it includes a DEX.
```

### Security

> * Secure End2End mechanism to ensure data stream may be copied and transmitted sequentially from Data Provider (owner of IoT End Device) to Data Buyer (consumer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Secure End2End mechanism to ensure data streams may be copied and transmitted sequentially from Data Providers (owners of IoT End Devices) to Data Buyers (consumers).
```

### DEX

> * Financial settlement of exchanged data may be handled by Polkadot Substrate for roaming payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Financial settlement of exchanged data may be handled by the DataHighway for roaming payments.
```

The issuance of the DHX token is through either:
* Block Authoring / Production Rewards - DHX to NPoS Collators for producing a block

> * Unfreezing DAO Treasury Unlocked Reserves - DHX entitlements claimed through DAO approval in a democracy way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unfreezing DAO Treasury Unlocked Reserves - DHX entitlements claimed through DAO approval in a democratic way
```
